---
title: "About building a blog with Nuxt Content v2 and Typescript"
slug: "about-building-a-blog-with-nuxt-content-v2-and-typescript"
order: 1
isHidden: 0
isDeleted: 0
img: "0001_stack.jpg"
alt: "Landscape in Asturias, Spain. A yellow arrow is being shown in the image."
description: "I will tell you why I choose this stack."
updatedAt: "2023-07-13 12:00:00"
language: "en"
authors:
  - name: "Miguel Manzano García"
    picture: "miguel_manzano_400.jpeg"
---

TL;DR: I'm doing that for learning purposes.

Welcome to this first article. I will try to explain why, as a backend developer, I'm doing a blog using exclusively a frontend stack. I'm a tremendously curious person. That curiosity is even a part of my work. Till now it has been very complicated to me to do some frontend except in exceptional moments. So I've decided to put into practice what I've been learning in several courses doing my blog.

Another important thing is that I want to put back online several blogs using this stack. So that I thought it was a good idea to build out something minimal and make mistakes in something small. Especially before moving more than 500 articles without any clarity about what I need or even not knowing if I will get stuck at some point.

I'm using Nuxt Content V2 but if you access the [code](https://github.com/mmanzano/mmanzano-web) of this blog, you could see that it's still a prototype. For example, I've not resolved the pagination problem. I'm sure I could write more than ten articles without the pagination in place. I'll add it when I have five articles, at this point I will know much better than now what I want to do and how to do that. Because, as I mentioned at the beginning, this blog is a learning exercise. It's not about doing a minimal viable product (MVP) if that was my goal... I would be writing articles on third-party blog platforms.

Typescript?. As a backend developer, I feel some kind of attraction about experimenting with a static type layer in JS. In the courses I've made all is good and it works from the first try. When I put my hands on the code I realized it was not that easy. When this happens to me I usually look for more basic courses to improve my base knowledge. Even about JS stuff, not only Typescript. Right now, I'm lucky because I know people I can ask about some punctual problems and they are helping me to improve the static typing on this blog. In those moments, when people helped me, I felt that something was moving in my head being able to understand better what was happening. It's known as an [aha moment (Spanish)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwtba88SsBA).

Besides Typescript I'm using Nuxt. Back in 2017, I gave a first try to Nuxt for a talk where I was trying to explain that no matter what backend you were using if you were using a standard like OpenAPI the change could be something doable. I was not in total control of the stack I was using in that talk and I didn't ask for help so I ended it very frustrated. Even so, I understood the potential and took courses to learn Nuxt but I stuck in the doing courses phase. With the blog migration process I need to do, I think that Nuxt Static will be the way to go. How to do this transition without being a frontend person, without any previous experience doing some things? I found, with some pieces of advice from friends, that the solution could be doing something much smaller than that. This blog you are reading right now is the result.

I want to explain also why I'm using pure CSS. I'm learning CSS. For me, it's important, in a learning process not to be tied to any UI framework or utilities library (like TailwindCSS). It's neither clever nor dumber, it's a decision I take to improve my learning. If I want to learn CSS... I need to write CSS. This is the way.
